The terminal isn't always
the most convenient place to run commands when you're working on larger projects.
For that reason, it's usually best to be able to connect to
our tools using your IDE or code editor.
Setting this up is pretty similar to what we did before,
so we can run through this pretty quickly.
I just wanted to make sure you're comfortable getting setup.
Before starting the video,
I made a project folder,
initialize npm, and set Web3 as a dependency like before.
From here, I'll open my editor and create an index.js file.
What I can do now is paste in the same commands we ran through before.
Now what you need to do is run the file using node and you're all set.
For my integrated terminal,
I'll type node index.js,
and what I get back is a list of all the accounts like before.
As a bonus command, I also included a line to show you
that you can pick just specific accounts from the list if you'd like.
The accounts are returned as an array,
so you can choose one of these accounts by selecting an account from within the array.
Try running this on different accounts to see how it works.
So, that's it. Hopefully this quick video helps you get setup from your code editor.
In the next videos, you'll see me working in VS Code,
but you can set up in whatever environment you'd like now.